Docs refresh (#33)
NormalVR/Normcore-Documentation: docs/realtime/realtimetransform.md

Check out the [Networked Physics](./networked-physics.md) guide for more detailed info on how RealtimeTransform works in Rigidbody mode.
:::

> ### RigidBody2D

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rigidbody2D
```

> **Rigibody2D** is also a supported mode for RealtimeTransform and handles Unity's 2D physics. It is functionally identical to the 3D Rigidbody mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unity's built-in **Rigibody2D** component is also supported by RealtimeTransform out of the box. It is functionally identical to the RealtimeTransform with a regular 3D **Rigidbody** component.
```

Visually, this gives you the same result and will avoid bugs related to reparenting.

*Tip: If the RealtimeTransform object has a Rigidbody on it, make sure to use the `MovePosition()` and `MoveRotation()` methods in `FixedUpdate()`*

#### Snap to a new position
Typically RealtimeTransform will interpolate all movement, however, it can be useful to snap a transform to a position instantly (e.g. resetting a player back to a spawn point). This can be achieved by using the RealtimeTransform method `SnapTo()` like so:

```csharp

> // A sample spawn position
> Vector3 spawnPosition = new Vector3(0, 1, 0);
> 
> // Assuming realtimeTransform is the RealtimeTransform belonging to the player
> player.realtimeTransform.SnapTo(spawnPosition);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The spawn position to snap the player to
Vector3 spawnPosition = new Vector3(0.0f, 1.0f, 0.0f);

// Snap to the new spawn position (this method assumes this client is also the owner of the transform)
GetComponent<RealtimeTransform>().SnapTo(spawnPosition);
```

Visually, this gives you the same result and will avoid bugs related to reparenting.

*Tip: If the RealtimeTransform object has a Rigidbody on it, make sure to use the `MovePosition()` and `MoveRotation()` methods in `FixedUpdate()`*

#### Skipping interpolation

> When teleporting a RealtimeTransform that has interpolation enabled (ex teleporting the player) it can be useful to suspend interpolation for that motion. Otherwise the transform will fly towards the destination instead of snapping instantly to it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When teleporting a RealtimeTransform that has interpolation enabled (ex. teleporting the player), it can be useful to suspend interpolation for that motion. Otherwise the transform will fly towards the destination instead of snapping instantly to it.
```

> #### Skipping interpolation
> When teleporting a RealtimeTransform that has interpolation enabled (ex. teleporting the player), it can be useful to suspend interpolation for that motion. Otherwise the transform will fly towards the destination instead of snapping instantly to it.
> 
> This can be done using the `RealtimeTransform.SnapTo` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Snap to a new position
Typically RealtimeTransform will interpolate all movement, however, it can be useful to snap a transform to a position instantly (e.g. resetting a player back to a spawn point). This can be achieved by using the RealtimeTransform method `SnapTo()` like so:

TODO: Put a code block here that shows how to call it. Make sure it has the csharp tag on it so it renders properly on the docs site (look at the other code blocks to see how to do this.
```
